# CannabisCoin
Cannabis Coin What is CannabisCoin or CANN?  Cannabis Coin is a peer-to-peer Internet digital currency that enables instant payments to anyone in the world.  It is based on the Bitcoin protocol but differs from Bitcoin in that it can be efficiently mined with consumer-grade hardware.  CannabisCoin is the payment solution for Marijuana dispensaries, retailers and merchants.  CannabisCoin crypto currency is backed by Marijuana where it is accepted.  CANN is the symbol we use to represent the Cannabis Coin in trade platforms such as Bittrex Exchange  What is the “Yes We CANN” movement?  The Yes We CANN movement is about medical marijuana dispensaries and shop owners that participate in providing safe, affordable, and quality medicine utilizing CannabisCoin as payment. This movement is a way for dispensaries and shop owners to show their appreciation to their patients by donating some medication into the “CANNdy” inventory.  What is CANNdy?  CANNdy is a supply of meds that consists of strains grown specifically for CannabisCoin purchases and/or strains that can be purchased at the rate of 1 Cannabis Coin (CANN) to approx. 1 GRAM of medication.  Cannabis / Marijuana Facts  20 states in the US have legalized cannabis for medical purposes. Colorado and Washington state also permit recreational use of marijuana.  There are two very distinct groups of marijuana strains. One is cannabis; the other is hemp.  We are CANNABIS!  Cannabis is potent medicine courtesy of high amounts of CBD, medicinal terpenes, and flavonoids. It also contains varying amounts of THC. The higher the THC, the more pronounced its psychoactive effects.  What is the meaning of 420?  Straight from Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia  420, 4:20, or 4/20 (pronounced four-twenty) is a code-term that refers to the consumption of cannabis and by extension, as a way to identify oneself with cannabis subculture or simply cannabis itself.  Observances based on the number 420 include smoking cannabis around the time 4:20 p.m.  (with some sources also indicating 4:20 a.m.[1][2]) on any given day, as well as smoking and celebrating cannabis on the date April 20 (4/20 in U.S. form)
